Agent Stats Mail (#363)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/agent-chat/agent-stats-email.md

---
title: Agent Daily Statistics Mailer
---

Agents receive their daily statistics over email at the end of the day. This mail talks about all important metrics pertaining to the conversations held throughout the day.

This is the sample mailer which goes -

      Hi <Agent-name>,

      Please check your statistics for the day <Date> below - 

      Chats received:
      Online hours:

>       Total positive feedback received: <This is the number of high-value (4 or 5) ratings received by the agent>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Total positive feedback received: <This is the total number of high-value (4 or 5) ratings received by the agent>
```

---
title: Agent Daily Statistics Mailer
---

Agents receive their daily statistics over email at the end of the day. This mail talks about all important metrics pertaining to the conversations held throughout the day.

This is the sample mailer which goes -

      Hi <Agent-name>,

      Please check your statistics for the day <Date> below - 

      Chats received:
      Online hours:

>       Total positive feedback received: <This is the sum of total 4 and 5 ratings received>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Total positive feedback received: <This is the number of high-value (4 or 5) ratings received by the agent>
```
